In this release:



REQUIREMENTS DOC:
-Our suggestion was to create a new name for the app, we could not
find one that we liked more than the current "Meme My Friends"
and as this is relatively low-priority, did not update, and will
continue to think on this


SPECIFICATIONS DOC:
-Added in the first version of the use-case diagram
-Added first version of system metaphor
-Added in user story for this release



APPLICATION:
-Created two basic activities, the first one and the one
that you use if you choose to load a photograph rather than
take a photograph
-Decided on basic layout, font, buttons, and so on to understand
what  we would need to continue and have a uniform layout/app'


TODO:
For the next release:
-We want to have the activity to select stock photos
created, with perhaps some stock photos to choose from.
-The activity to select photos from the phone's gallery created
	-actually selecting photo is a nice-to-have

If we have time: have the "camera" activity working, to take a photo
	-nice-to-have: saving the photo to the system.



Comments:

Requirements document:
1. Explore features of other similar app and update "replacement of legacy systems" as discussed 
2. Continue to think about a App name and a s/m metaphor (in the lines of "photo booth", "caricature").Something creative! We don't need it right away but keep thinking, and update it whenever you have one.
3. Include an Appendix with information about API and other resources that you collect (specifically, facebook API, API for camera & stock photos)
4. Breakdown the statement of functionality into "specific" features/requirments
5. Define/differentiate terms: stock photos, gallery etc under "terminology"

Specification document:
1. In the use-case diagram, gallery could be another possible actor. Verify syntax (correct arrows, <include>, <extend> as neccessary) to associate different use cases. Include a system boundary.
2. Cut down the user story to a single sentence.

Next steps (Implementation):
1. Start working on creating a user interface for various activities
2. Explore ways to select photos from the stock or gallery
3. Research on Facebook/twitter API (find out how other apps do it)

Good work on the use-case diagram. You are the only team that has a detailed use case diagram. Meet frequently, brainstorm and code as a TEAM!